1. Plotted Words - Strict, Rough, Stylish

These are not the only words that I tested, but these words give a pretty good over arching idea of the situation. The hihger frequency of 
certatin words appearing in Women's review more than man really testifies for some of the Stereotypes. Historically, female professors were 
always viewed differently than the male professors, and this data is just a sneak peak into it. Words that give a strict, ot bossy vibe are 
way more frequent in female professors rating than the males. Another awkward thing was, the mention of dress, and physical outlook was
mentioned much more in female professors' review than male's. 

2. Honestly it really depends on the methodology of the analyst. In the current situation it would be unfair. However, an analyst should be 
well aware of the stereotypes, discrimantions, and biases in the data. The methodolody could be set in certain way to ensure the fairness 
accourding to the lecture. 

3 and 4. I believe that a students opinion in a professor's teaching system is pivotal to the professor's motivation, and teaching system. On a borader 
sense a students opinion can really drive how a professor feels about their job. So, as a programmer I would not chose to give the data plainly how 
it is. I would create filter in the middle that would ensure the opinion of the students are coming to the professor in a constructive manner. With 
thorough understanding of the dataset, I would prefer developing an NLP Model, that would tone the opinion in such way where its not a hurtful or 
destructive message for the professor, but if they were to get a critique, that should be passed on clearly as well. This can also be a great way 
to adjust the discrimantion in gender, and make bring more gender neutral outputs. When desinging the website I would have a more clear option to 
actually specify the gender. I would set the layers of my neural networks using that, so it brings an even optimized decsion. 

5. In my expereince I have seen that people have a different lingo for writing a review about a STEM course, and a Humanities course. There is a difference
of powerdynamic working in those situations. I would wanna visualize that through the data, and try to shed light on these issues. I believe acknowledign 
this problem would open the gates for solving it, and which will enable us for a great interdisciplinary education. 